IMPLEMENT THIS IMAGE-GENERATION LOADING EXPERIENCE IN THE EXISTING CHAT INTERFACE.

IMPORTANT:
I am NOT uploading the reference screen recording to you. Use the following written specification as the complete source of truth for the behavior and visual treatment.

DO NOT redesign the existing chat interface.
DO NOT change the existing sidebar.
DO NOT change the existing composer.
DO NOT change typography, spacing, colors, layout, or unrelated components.
ONLY implement/upgrade the image-generation loading state described below.

IMAGE GENERATION LOADING EXPERIENCE

When a user submits a request that triggers image generation, the assistant response area must immediately enter an image-generation loading state.

Instead of showing a normal text response, display a centered image-generation placeholder card.

PLACEHOLDER CARD:
- Dark charcoal/graphite background.
- Rounded corners.
- Compact but substantial rectangular aspect ratio.
- No visible border unless already consistent with the existing dark-mode design.
- The card should feel native to the existing dark-mode chat interface.
- It must appear where the eventual generated image will appear.
- The eventual generated image should replace this exact placeholder area rather than creating a separate unrelated card.

STATUS TEXT:
At the top-left inside the placeholder, display:

"Creating image"

Use the existing interface typography system, with a muted/light-gray appearance appropriate for the dark card.

ANIMATED DOT FIELD:
Inside the card, create an animated field/matrix of small dots.

The dots should:
- be small and subtle;
- use different levels of opacity;
- form a loose rectangular/grid-like field;
- gradually fade in/out;
- subtly shift/reposition over time;
- create the impression that the image is being constructed/generated;
- NOT spin like a traditional loading spinner;
- NOT use a circular progress indicator;
- NOT look like a skeleton loader;
- NOT remain completely static.

The animation should be calm, premium, subtle, and continuous.

The dot field should have a soft, organic movement so that it looks like the visual content is slowly being formed.

STATUS TRANSITION:
After image generation has progressed, change the status text from:

"Creating image"

to:

"Sketching it out"

Keep the same animated dot field running underneath.

The status transition should be smooth and should not cause the card to jump or resize.

IMPORTANT:
Do not hard-code the status based purely on arbitrary frontend timers.

The UI should be driven by the actual image-generation state/events from the application.

Use a state model similar to:

idle
→ generating
→ sketching
→ completed
→ error

For example:

generating:
    status = "Creating image"

sketching:
    status = "Sketching it out"

completed:
    remove placeholder
    render generated image

error:
    replace loading state with the application's existing error UI

BACKEND/FRONTEND BEHAVIOR:
The actual image-generation request must remain handled by the application's existing backend/API/image-generation pipeline.

The frontend loading animation is ONLY the visual representation of the backend generation state.

Do not fake a successful generation.

Do not display the generated-image state until the backend actually returns the generated image/result.

If the backend already exposes generation/progress/status events, use those events.

If it does not expose intermediate progress, implement a safe UI state machine where the initial state is "Creating image" and a controlled intermediate state can become "Sketching it out", but ALWAYS keep the final transition tied to the actual successful image-generation response.

ANIMATION DETAILS:
Implement the dot animation efficiently using CSS/React rather than repeatedly forcing expensive React re-renders.

Prefer:
- CSS transforms
- opacity animation
- CSS keyframes
- GPU-friendly transforms
- requestAnimationFrame only if genuinely necessary

The dot field should subtly move horizontally/vertically and change opacity.

Do not make the movement distracting.

Do not animate the entire card.

Do not animate the status text excessively.

FINAL RESULT:
The user should experience this sequence:

User submits image prompt
        ↓
Dark rounded image-generation placeholder appears
        ↓
"Creating image"
        ↓
Animated dot field subtly moves
        ↓
"Sketching it out"
        ↓
Animated dot field continues
        ↓
Backend finishes image generation
        ↓
Placeholder smoothly transitions/replaces into the actual generated image

The generated image should occupy the same visual region as the placeholder.

MATCH THE BEHAVIOR AND VISUAL FEEL, NOT JUST THE STATIC APPEARANCE.

The most important characteristics are:
1. dark rounded generation card
2. "Creating image" status
3. animated dot-matrix visualization
4. "Sketching it out" status
5. subtle continuous movement
6. smooth replacement with the real generated image
7. real backend generation state controls completion
8. no unrelated UI redesign

Before modifying anything, inspect the existing image-generation flow, chat message rendering, API response handling, and relevant components. Reuse the existing architecture wherever possible.

Do not create a second competing image-generation system if one already exists.

After implementation:
- run the project's existing typecheck/build/tests;
- verify the loading state;
- verify the completed-image state;
- verify error handling;
- verify that normal text conversations are completely unaffected.